Upgrade to iqm-client 16.0 (#124)
iqm-finland/cirq-on-iqm: docs/user_guide.rst

     - "f7d9642e-b0ca-4f2d-af2a-30195bd7a76d"
     - Indicates the calibration set to use. Defaults to `None`, which means the IQM server will use the best
       available calibration set automatically.
   * - `max_circuit_duration_over_t2`
     - float
     - 1.0

>      - Set server-side circuit disqualification threshold. If any job is estimated to take longer than the T2 time of the qubits
>        multiplied by this value the server will reject it. Setting this value to ``0.0`` will disable circuit duration check.
>        The default value ``None`` means the server default value will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Set server-side circuit disqualification threshold. If any circuit in a job is estimated to take longer than the
       shortest T2 time of any qubit used in the circuit multiplied by this value, the server will reject the job.
       Setting this value to ``0.0`` will disable circuit duration check.
       The default value ``None`` means the server default value will be used.
```
Same as in qiskit-on-iqm.
